Case Study: Groove (#7120)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/customers/groove.md

---
title: How Groove uses A/B testing and surveys to test new pricing models
customer: Groove
logo: ../images/customers/groove/logo.png
logoDark: ../images/customers/groove/logo-dark.png
featuredImage: ../images/customers/groove/featured.png
industries:
    - Helpdesk
users:
    - Engineering
    - Leadership
    - Founder
toolsUsed:
    - Experimentation
    - Product analytics
    - Surveys
date: 2023-09-15
---

> Founded in 2011, [Groove](https://www.groovehq.com/) is a simple yet powerful helpdesk and ticketing platform, and a leading alternative to Zendesk for price-conscious teams. In such a saturated market, serial Founder and [Imperfect Startup](https://www.groovehq.com/helpdesk-software/imperfect-startup) blogger Alex Turnbull knows it’s important to build quickly and build effective, scalable data stacks. So, while Alex had previous experience with [Mixpanel](/blog/posthog-vs-mixpanel), [Hotjar](/blog/posthog-vs-hotjar) and [Google Analytics 4](/blog/posthog-vs-ga4), he began searching for a new solution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Founded in 2011 by serial founder Alex Turnball, [Groove](https://www.groovehq.com/) is a simple yet powerful helpdesk and ticketing platform, and a leading alternative to Zendesk for price-conscious teams. It's a crowded market, which makes building quickly on an effective, scalable data stack more vital than ever.

Alex had used [Mixpanel](/blog/posthog-vs-mixpanel), [Hotjar](/blog/posthog-vs-hotjar) and [Google Analytics 4](/blog/posthog-vs-ga4) in his earlier startups, but felt Groove needed a more complete platform to achieve their goals.
```

---
title: How Groove uses A/B testing and surveys to test new pricing models
customer: Groove
logo: ../images/customers/groove/logo.png
logoDark: ../images/customers/groove/logo-dark.png
featuredImage: ../images/customers/groove/featured.png
industries:
    - Helpdesk
users:
    - Engineering
    - Leadership
    - Founder
toolsUsed:
    - Experimentation
    - Product analytics
    - Surveys
date: 2023-09-15
---

> Founded in 2011 by serial founder Alex Turnball, [Groove](https://www.groovehq.com/) is a simple yet powerful helpdesk and ticketing platform, and a leading alternative to Zendesk for price-conscious teams. It's a crowded market, which makes building quickly on an effective, scalable data stack more vital than ever.

Author: ```suggestion
Founded in 2011 by serial founder Alex Turnbull, [Groove](https://www.groovehq.com/) is a simple yet powerful helpdesk and ticketing platform, and a leading alternative to Zendesk for price-conscious teams. It's a crowded market, which makes building quickly on an effective, scalable data stack more vital than ever.
```
